AgileSkills.md, before:

# Talks To Watch - Agile and Skills

## Agile Practices

- [Anna Danes Boix - Keys to managing a successful distributed team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWr8Q5uz7r8) [37:52]
- [Jeff Sutherland - Scrum at Scale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEqrESsNWYs) [38:30]
- [Will Evans - Heretics, High Priests, and Hagiolatry](https://vimeo.com/143053323) [40:11]
- [Liz Keogh - More than the sum of our parts](https://vimeo.com/114215546)  [41:16]
- [Ian Brockbank - How do you “push responsibility down” and “empower the team”](https://vimeo.com/76096772)  [43:49]
- [Jasmina Nikolic - Agile organizational structures and culture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i49eAm3-3QU) [45:47]
- [Pollyanna Pixton - Collaborative Leadership: A Secret to Agile Success](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mspX8BZBRpw)  [45:49]
- [Rachel Ober - Ensuring the Sustainability of Your Code Learning Community](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYM8AnreZHQ)  [46:00]
- [Anders Ivarsson - Scaling Agile with Tribes, Squads, Chapters & Guilds](https://vimeo.com/75917536)  [47:19]
- [Dave Thomas - The Death of Agile](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpGGRAhes2k)  [47:44]
- [Jessie Shternshus - Individuals, Interactions and Improvisation](https://vimeo.com/159196412) [50:00]
- [Jez Humble - Why Scaling Agile Doesn't Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zYxWEZ0gYg) [51:01]
- [Jesper Boeg - Getting real value out of your planning efforts with Story Mapping]nor(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4_PvSXZssc)  [51:23]
- [Steven Milne - Level up with Constraints](https://vimeo.com/76126272)  [51:29]
- [Gojko Adzic - Specification By Example](https://vimeo.com/109079233)  [52:05]
- [Chad Fowler - Experiment](https://vimeo.com/68686636)  [52:13]
- [Håkan Forss - Retrospective on Steroids - Toyota Kata](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-InKsQQY9Vk)  [52:20]
- [Claudio Perrone - A3 Thinking and Kaizen](https://vimeo.com/43185886)  [53:18]
- [Kasia Mrowca - How to defeat feature gluttony?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qcdwe46nJW8) [53:29]
- [Venkat Subramaniam - Pointy haired bosses and pragmatic programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfmKvRaNnUs)  [58:19]
- [Gojko Adzic - Impact Mapping](https://vimeo.com/109171006)  [59:07]
- [Oliver Gierke - Whoops! Where did my architecture go?](https://vimeo.com/112516354)  [1:01:22]
- [Sebastien Arbogast - Lean Startup for Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLHn8SXPTYg)  [1:01:26]
- [Rebecca Wirfs-Brock - Why We Need Architects (and Architecture) on Agile Projects](https://vimeo.com/129382493) [1:01:45]
- [Bob Marshall - Seven Ways to Improve Your Software Development Flow](https://vimeo.com/113216169)  [1:02:32]
- [Nathan Gloyn - You keep using the word agile, I do not think it means what you think it means](https://vimeo.com/158164783) [01:02:55]
- [Louise Elliott - Agile Lessons from the World of Roller Derby](https://vimeo.com/159506024) [01:03:26]
- [Dave Snowden - Embrace Complexity, Scale Agility](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYlqhvzI_VQ) [1:04:21]
- [Dan North - Business Mapping: Turning the lights on](https://vimeo.com/159201512) [01:09:28]
- [David Simner - Whats next? How we use feedback to decide what to build](https://vimeo.com/159191936) [01:11:31]
- [Jenny Martin & Pete Buckney - Continuous Collaboration & Example Driven Dev](https://vimeo.com/111407675)  [1:18:58]

## Testing, TDD and BDD

- [Christin Wiedermann - Smarter testing through smarter testers](https://vimeo.com/144830621)  [34:57]
- [Konstantin Kudryashov - Moving away from Legacy code with BDD](https://vimeo.com/120574455)  [36:20]
- [Alan Richard - Automation abstractions - Page objects and beyond](https://vimeo.com/111214646)  [38:58]
- [Melvin Laguren - Testing Strategies for Continuous Delivery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgQWSaCQ82U)  [40:47]
- [Gareth Bowles - I Don't Test Often ... But When I Do, I Test in Production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkP70Zhhix4&list=PLSIUOFhnxEiDFckNDSjKWqOCtd8ksJrh4&index=8)  [41:16]
- [Liz Keogh - Real conversations in BDD](https://vimeo.com/144723689)  [42:04]
- [Jay Fields - Unselfish Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9eu4mMOtN4)  [42:43]
- [Jakub Narbdalik - Test Driven Traps](https://vimeo.com/120572733)  [43:41]
- [Fiona Charles - Test leadership heuristics workshop](https://vimeo.com/144996354)  [45:25]
- [Roy Osherove - How to do test reviews](https://vimeo.com/19431001)  [49:09]
- [Jorge D Ortiz Fuentes - Test Driven Development (by controlling dependencies)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYpURmZcCKs)  [54:10]
- [Christin Wiedemann - Re-inventing testing – a discussion about science, exploration and innovation](https://vimeo.com/144745751)  [55:08]
- [Sandro Mancuso -  Testing and Refactoring Legacy Code](https://vimeo.com/76472757)  [57:13]
- [John Ferguson Smart - BDD in Action: Building Software Right and Building the Right Software](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igk3H2DWz7k)  [59:44]
- [Brian Mann - Testing, the way it should be. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq99BvSe1AQ) [1:00:32]
- [Johannes Brodwall - Accelerate your development by accelerating your feedback loop](https://vimeo.com/105888938)  [1:03:21]
- [Enrico Campidoglio - Testing with No Harm](https://vimeo.com/154312751) [1:05:57]
- [Gojko Adzic - Test automation without a headache: Five key patterns](https://vimeo.com/154289460)  [1:10:17]

Commit message:

Added some new agile talks

AgileSkills.md, after:

# Talks To Watch - Agile and Skills

## Agile Practices

- [Anna Danes Boix - Keys to managing a successful distributed team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWr8Q5uz7r8) [37:52]
- [Jeff Sutherland - Scrum at Scale](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEqrESsNWYs) [38:30]
- [Will Evans - Heretics, High Priests, and Hagiolatry](https://vimeo.com/143053323) [40:11]
- [Liz Keogh - More than the sum of our parts](https://vimeo.com/114215546)  [41:16]
- [Ian Brockbank - How do you “push responsibility down” and “empower the team”](https://vimeo.com/76096772)  [43:49]
- [Jasmina Nikolic - Agile organizational structures and culture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i49eAm3-3QU) [45:47]
- [Pollyanna Pixton - Collaborative Leadership: A Secret to Agile Success](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mspX8BZBRpw)  [45:49]
- [Erwin Van Der Koogh - Postmortem of a Product Everyone Loved](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGTjspPplZc) [45:52]
- [Rachel Ober - Ensuring the Sustainability of Your Code Learning Community](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYM8AnreZHQ)  [46:00]
- [Gabrielle Benefield - Frankenbuilds; if Agile is so good, why are our Products so bad?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JNXx8VdbAE) [46:30]
- [Anders Ivarsson - Scaling Agile with Tribes, Squads, Chapters & Guilds](https://vimeo.com/75917536)  [47:19]
- [Dave Thomas - The Death of Agile](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpGGRAhes2k)  [47:44]
- [Dave Thomas – The Death of Agile](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpGGRAhes2k) [47:45]
- [Mary Poppendieck - Think For Yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfM7HuMeTSk) [47:45]
- [Jessie Shternshus - Individuals, Interactions and Improvisation](https://vimeo.com/159196412) [50:00]
- [Jez Humble - Why Scaling Agile Doesn't Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zYxWEZ0gYg) [51:01]
- [Jesper Boeg - Getting real value out of your planning efforts with Story Mapping]nor(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4_PvSXZssc)  [51:23]
- [Steven Milne - Level up with Constraints](https://vimeo.com/76126272)  [51:29]
- [Gojko Adzic - Specification By Example](https://vimeo.com/109079233)  [52:05]
- [Chad Fowler - Experiment](https://vimeo.com/68686636)  [52:13]
- [Håkan Forss - Retrospective on Steroids - Toyota Kata](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-InKsQQY9Vk)  [52:20]
- [Claudio Perrone - A3 Thinking and Kaizen](https://vimeo.com/43185886)  [53:18]
- [Kasia Mrowca - How to defeat feature gluttony?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qcdwe46nJW8) [53:29]
- [Venkat Subramaniam - Pointy haired bosses and pragmatic programmers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfmKvRaNnUs)  [58:19]
- [Gojko Adzic - Impact Mapping](https://vimeo.com/109171006)  [59:07]
- [Oliver Gierke - Whoops! Where did my architecture go?](https://vimeo.com/112516354)  [1:01:22]
- [Sebastien Arbogast - Lean Startup for Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLHn8SXPTYg)  [1:01:26]
- [Rebecca Wirfs-Brock - Why We Need Architects (and Architecture) on Agile Projects](https://vimeo.com/129382493) [1:01:45]
- [Bob Marshall - Seven Ways to Improve Your Software Development Flow](https://vimeo.com/113216169)  [1:02:32]
- [Nathan Gloyn - You keep using the word agile, I do not think it means what you think it means](https://vimeo.com/158164783) [01:02:55]
- [Louise Elliott - Agile Lessons from the World of Roller Derby](https://vimeo.com/159506024) [01:03:26]
- [Dave Snowden - Embrace Complexity, Scale Agility](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYlqhvzI_VQ) [1:04:21]
- [Dan North - Business Mapping: Turning the lights on](https://vimeo.com/159201512) [01:09:28]
- [David Simner - Whats next? How we use feedback to decide what to build](https://vimeo.com/159191936) [01:11:31]
- [Jenny Martin & Pete Buckney - Continuous Collaboration & Example Driven Dev](https://vimeo.com/111407675)  [1:18:58]

## Testing, TDD and BDD

- [Christin Wiedermann - Smarter testing through smarter testers](https://vimeo.com/144830621)  [34:57]
- [Konstantin Kudryashov - Moving away from Legacy code with BDD](https://vimeo.com/120574455)  [36:20]
- [Alan Richard - Automation abstractions - Page objects and beyond](https://vimeo.com/111214646)  [38:58]
- [Melvin Laguren - Testing Strategies for Continuous Delivery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgQWSaCQ82U)  [40:47]
- [Gareth Bowles - I Don't Test Often ... But When I Do, I Test in Production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkP70Zhhix4&list=PLSIUOFhnxEiDFckNDSjKWqOCtd8ksJrh4&index=8)  [41:16]
- [Liz Keogh - Real conversations in BDD](https://vimeo.com/144723689)  [42:04]
- [Jay Fields - Unselfish Testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9eu4mMOtN4)  [42:43]
- [Jakub Narbdalik - Test Driven Traps](https://vimeo.com/120572733)  [43:41]
- [Fiona Charles - Test leadership heuristics workshop](https://vimeo.com/144996354)  [45:25]
- [Roy Osherove - How to do test reviews](https://vimeo.com/19431001)  [49:09]
- [Jorge D Ortiz Fuentes - Test Driven Development (by controlling dependencies)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYpURmZcCKs)  [54:10]
- [Christin Wiedemann - Re-inventing testing – a discussion about science, exploration and innovation](https://vimeo.com/144745751)  [55:08]
- [Sandro Mancuso -  Testing and Refactoring Legacy Code](https://vimeo.com/76472757)  [57:13]
- [John Ferguson Smart - BDD in Action: Building Software Right and Building the Right Software](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igk3H2DWz7k)  [59:44]
- [Brian Mann - Testing, the way it should be. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq99BvSe1AQ) [1:00:32]
- [Johannes Brodwall - Accelerate your development by accelerating your feedback loop](https://vimeo.com/105888938)  [1:03:21]
- [Enrico Campidoglio - Testing with No Harm](https://vimeo.com/154312751) [1:05:57]
- [Gojko Adzic - Test automation without a headache: Five key patterns](https://vimeo.com/154289460)  [1:10:17]
