PsychologyLeadership.md, before:

# Talks To Watch - Psychology and Leadership

## Leadership, Psychology and Management
- [Seth Godin: Tribes](https://vimeo.com/2090774)  []
- [Larry Smith - Why you will fail to have a great career](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ)  [14:59]
- [Ralph Heinkel - The value of mindfulness and how it has arrived at Google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TAJ9ytl9qE) [24:28]
- [Scott Lesser - Leading When You're Not in Charge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-WDmNoQmkg) [24:52]
- [Martin Seligman - Flourish](https://vimeo.com/channels/thersa/26720639)  [24:48]
- [Ernie Miller - Choices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5D0rBIEsZc)  [29:16]
- [Aimee Knight - Getting Comfortable Being Uncomfortable ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qkef7IXn6s) [29:30]
- [Jason Hand - Understanding Cognitive Bias Found In Judgement & Choice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnFw-0hpa5A) [31:20]
- [Joe Mastey - Manage Your Energy, Not Your Time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40tblq40AkQ) [32:14]
- [Johan Öbrink - Everyone wants change. No-one wants to change.](https://vimeo.com/190929281) [32:29]
- [Zach Holman - The Talk on Talks](http://devslovebacon.com/conferences/bacon-2014/talks/the-talk-on-talks)[36:26]
- [Mike Burrows - Servant Leadership un-neutered](https://vimeo.com/191064322) [36:45]
- [Pawel Brodzinksi - The Leadership gap](https://vimeo.com/115962902)  [37:00]
- [Phil Askew & Cornelia Burfvestam - Inner critics and outer innovators](https://vimeo.com/190924545) [39:07]
- [José Lorenzo Rodríguez - Fixing mind anti-patterns with mindfulness](https://vimeo.com/191078784) [42:14]
- [Rich Kuzsma - Hacking the Brain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEpWr1PknIU) [42:58]
- [J. Leighton Read, MD - Total Engagement and the Reinvention of Work using Games](https://vimeo.com/43250464)  [43:54]
- [Doc Norton - Autonomy, connection, and excellence; The building blocks of a knowledge work culture](https://vimeo.com/144862097) [44:56]
- [Jeff Casimir - Why Developers Quit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgEgtKKAabg) [48:51]
- [Laura Butler - On Awesomeness, or How To Inspire Some Awe](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M113)  [50:01]
- [Matt Stauffer - Empathy Gives You Superpowers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMFjO2szDnk) [51:13]
- [Jurgen Appelo - Managing for Happiness](https://vimeo.com/190990853) [51:59]
- [Alicia Juarero - Think Safe-fail to thrive under conditions of uncertainty](https://vimeo.com/143055623)  [52:39]
- [Arjan van der Gaag - Debugging facades: dealing with imposter syndrome as a developer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKz7mOZ4P-A) [53:22]
- [Ted Neward - Psychology, Philosophy & Programming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XShcmCBK93E) [1:02:30]
- [Denise Jacobs - Get Unblocked](https://vimeo.com/131640717)  [1:02:37]
- [Anna Danes - Engagement techniques. How to get people engaged and motivated?](https://vimeo.com/131641617)  [1:03:16]
- [Bryan Cantrill - Leadership with no Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGkVM1B5NuI) [1:03:37]
- [Prof. Dr. Gunter Dueck - Swarm-Stupidity ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-hsD2gnuRU) [1:04:22]
- [Michael Norton - Autonomy, Connection, and Excellence; The Building Blocks of a Knowledge Work Culture ](https://vimeo.com/154049610)  [1:05:01]
- [Kuan Hon - Legal pitfalls for developers](https://vimeo.com/153779115)  [1:06:34]

## Teams

- [Camille Fournier - Building and Motivating Engineering Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R-Y2DwWOr0) [18:54]
- [Victor Kovalev - Tech Teams that Scale: How to Grow your People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzv-ANxWVM0) [20:24]
- [Technocentricity  The Fifth Dysfunction of a Software Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZkU_TeaArA) [26:44]
- [Mathias Meyer - Building and Scaling a Distributed and Inclusive Team ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAU5q-biY28) [31:15]
- [239: Avoidance of Leadership  The 4th Dysfunction of a Software Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0zVqz9vYPM) [33:58]
- [234: The Second Dysfunction of a Software Team: Social Anxiety](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5DC7TQiocc) [34:14]
- [236: The Third Dysfunction of a Software Team: Confirmation Bias](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUz4vopV-zc) [37:20]
- [Sven Peters - The Secret Sauce of Successful Teams](https://vimeo.com/191020872) [38:37]
- [227: The First Dysfunction of a Software Team: Cowboy Coding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjjbVn861xk) [40:22]
- [Sandy Mamoli - Creating Great Teams - How Self-Selection Lets People Excel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpdmmAHGR2A) [43:18]
- [Elmar Juergens - Mining Repository Data to Debug Software Development Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJg5l9KTLBk) [48:19]
- [Patrick Kua - The Geek's Guide to Leading Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PsGgnQc4eY) [1:01:02]
- [Jules May - Team Building ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Bnm9QWWRlA) [1:27:34]

## Communications

- [Hannah du Plessis: Use nonviolent communication to connect with colleagues](https://vimeo.com/128634090)  [27:03]
- [Matthew McCullough - 10 Quick Tips for More Effective Conference Submissions and Presentations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJz4JJIchaY)  [30:07]
- [Ben Orenstein - How to Talk to Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9JXH7JPjR4)  [47:37]
- [Michelle Dickinson - Public Speaking Skills for Quiet People](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M316)  [51:43]
- [Mahesh Krishnan - Soft Skills for the Developer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiK3vQkXn6U) [55:55]
- [Geoffrey Grosenbach - Technical Explanations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpnLCkhv-1g)  [56:54]
- [Steve Clayton - The secret to telling awesome stories – from Microsoft's Chief Storyteller](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M112)  [1:02:03]


## Learning

- [Diana Larsen - Quickstart guide to the five rules of accelerated learning](https://vimeo.com/144795023)  [41:15]
- [Katherine Wu - Continuing Education at Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uRho69xSAI) [42:56]
- [Greg Wilson - Evidence Based Teaching What We Know and How to Use It](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmVKGxPlTvc) [2:43:57]


## Coaching
-  [Diana Larsen - Coaching Teams Along the Path to Agile Fluency](https://vimeo.com/104054525) [59:58]

Commit message:

Added Cultivating a Culture of Continuous Learning

PsychologyLeadership.md, after:

# Talks To Watch - Psychology and Leadership

## Leadership, Psychology and Management
- [Seth Godin: Tribes](https://vimeo.com/2090774)  []
- [Larry Smith - Why you will fail to have a great career](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ)  [14:59]
- [Ralph Heinkel - The value of mindfulness and how it has arrived at Google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TAJ9ytl9qE) [24:28]
- [Scott Lesser - Leading When You're Not in Charge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-WDmNoQmkg) [24:52]
- [Martin Seligman - Flourish](https://vimeo.com/channels/thersa/26720639)  [24:48]
- [Ernie Miller - Choices](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5D0rBIEsZc)  [29:16]
- [Aimee Knight - Getting Comfortable Being Uncomfortable ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qkef7IXn6s) [29:30]
- [Jason Hand - Understanding Cognitive Bias Found In Judgement & Choice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnFw-0hpa5A) [31:20]
- [Joe Mastey - Manage Your Energy, Not Your Time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40tblq40AkQ) [32:14]
- [Johan Öbrink - Everyone wants change. No-one wants to change.](https://vimeo.com/190929281) [32:29]
- [Zach Holman - The Talk on Talks](http://devslovebacon.com/conferences/bacon-2014/talks/the-talk-on-talks)[36:26]
- [Mike Burrows - Servant Leadership un-neutered](https://vimeo.com/191064322) [36:45]
- [Pawel Brodzinksi - The Leadership gap](https://vimeo.com/115962902)  [37:00]
- [Phil Askew & Cornelia Burfvestam - Inner critics and outer innovators](https://vimeo.com/190924545) [39:07]
- [José Lorenzo Rodríguez - Fixing mind anti-patterns with mindfulness](https://vimeo.com/191078784) [42:14]
- [Rich Kuzsma - Hacking the Brain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEpWr1PknIU) [42:58]
- [J. Leighton Read, MD - Total Engagement and the Reinvention of Work using Games](https://vimeo.com/43250464)  [43:54]
- [Doc Norton - Autonomy, connection, and excellence; The building blocks of a knowledge work culture](https://vimeo.com/144862097) [44:56]
- [Jeff Casimir - Why Developers Quit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgEgtKKAabg) [48:51]
- [Laura Butler - On Awesomeness, or How To Inspire Some Awe](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M113)  [50:01]
- [Matt Stauffer - Empathy Gives You Superpowers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMFjO2szDnk) [51:13]
- [Jurgen Appelo - Managing for Happiness](https://vimeo.com/190990853) [51:59]
- [Alicia Juarero - Think Safe-fail to thrive under conditions of uncertainty](https://vimeo.com/143055623)  [52:39]
- [Arjan van der Gaag - Debugging facades: dealing with imposter syndrome as a developer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKz7mOZ4P-A) [53:22]
- [Ted Neward - Psychology, Philosophy & Programming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XShcmCBK93E) [1:02:30]
- [Denise Jacobs - Get Unblocked](https://vimeo.com/131640717)  [1:02:37]
- [Anna Danes - Engagement techniques. How to get people engaged and motivated?](https://vimeo.com/131641617)  [1:03:16]
- [Bryan Cantrill - Leadership with no Management](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGkVM1B5NuI) [1:03:37]
- [Prof. Dr. Gunter Dueck - Swarm-Stupidity ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-hsD2gnuRU) [1:04:22]
- [Michael Norton - Autonomy, Connection, and Excellence; The Building Blocks of a Knowledge Work Culture ](https://vimeo.com/154049610)  [1:05:01]
- [Kuan Hon - Legal pitfalls for developers](https://vimeo.com/153779115)  [1:06:34]

## Teams

- [Camille Fournier - Building and Motivating Engineering Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R-Y2DwWOr0) [18:54]
- [Victor Kovalev - Tech Teams that Scale: How to Grow your People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzv-ANxWVM0) [20:24]
- [Technocentricity  The Fifth Dysfunction of a Software Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZkU_TeaArA) [26:44]
- [Mathias Meyer - Building and Scaling a Distributed and Inclusive Team ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAU5q-biY28) [31:15]
- [239: Avoidance of Leadership  The 4th Dysfunction of a Software Team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0zVqz9vYPM) [33:58]
- [234: The Second Dysfunction of a Software Team: Social Anxiety](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5DC7TQiocc) [34:14]
- [236: The Third Dysfunction of a Software Team: Confirmation Bias](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUz4vopV-zc) [37:20]
- [Sven Peters - The Secret Sauce of Successful Teams](https://vimeo.com/191020872) [38:37]
- [227: The First Dysfunction of a Software Team: Cowboy Coding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjjbVn861xk) [40:22]
- [Sandy Mamoli - Creating Great Teams - How Self-Selection Lets People Excel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpdmmAHGR2A) [43:18]
- [Elmar Juergens - Mining Repository Data to Debug Software Development Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJg5l9KTLBk) [48:19]
- [Patrick Kua - The Geek's Guide to Leading Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PsGgnQc4eY) [1:01:02]
- [Jules May - Team Building ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Bnm9QWWRlA) [1:27:34]

## Communications

- [Hannah du Plessis: Use nonviolent communication to connect with colleagues](https://vimeo.com/128634090)  [27:03]
- [Matthew McCullough - 10 Quick Tips for More Effective Conference Submissions and Presentations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJz4JJIchaY)  [30:07]
- [Ben Orenstein - How to Talk to Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9JXH7JPjR4)  [47:37]
- [Michelle Dickinson - Public Speaking Skills for Quiet People](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M316)  [51:43]
- [Mahesh Krishnan - Soft Skills for the Developer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiK3vQkXn6U) [55:55]
- [Geoffrey Grosenbach - Technical Explanations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpnLCkhv-1g)  [56:54]
- [Steve Clayton - The secret to telling awesome stories – from Microsoft's Chief Storyteller](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M112)  [1:02:03]


## Learning

- [Dave Ott and Dennis Eusebio - Cultivating a Culture of Continuous Learning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awTIU0K6nb4) [35:33]
- [Diana Larsen - Quickstart guide to the five rules of accelerated learning](https://vimeo.com/144795023)  [41:15]
- [Katherine Wu - Continuing Education at Work](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uRho69xSAI) [42:56]
- [Greg Wilson - Evidence Based Teaching What We Know and How to Use It](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmVKGxPlTvc) [2:43:57]


## Coaching
-  [Diana Larsen - Coaching Teams Along the Path to Agile Fluency](https://vimeo.com/104054525) [59:58]
