README.md, before:

# Talks To Watch

## General Development

- [Advanced performance tooling in Chrome DevTools - Paul Irish @ Velocity 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xx_dkv9DEY)  [29:40]
- [Removing barriers - Hadi Hariri](https://vimeo.com/131644347)  [43:53]
- [IT'S ABOUT TIME!](https://vimeo.com/144819382)  [44:47]
- [Greg Young - 8 Lines of Code](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/8-lines-code-refactoring)  [45:20]
- [Miguel Castro: Understanding Dependency Injection and Those Pesky Containers](https://vimeo.com/68390510)  [1:00:33]
- [Jurgen Appelo - The 7 Duties of Great Software Professionals](https://vimeo.com/99516367)  [1:02:27]
- [The Joys and Pains of a Long Lived Codebase by Jeremy D Miller](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Lessons-Learned-Jeremy-Miller)  [1:02:30]
- [Venkat Subramaniam - The Art of Simplicity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZPgO5USBoI)  [1:22:32]

## Design Principles

- [Josh Bloch - How to Design a Good API and Why it Matters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heh4OeB9A-c)  [1:00:14]
- [Rich Hickey - Simple Made Easy](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy)  [1:01:26]
- [Business Logic, a different perspective - Udi Dahan](https://vimeo.com/131757759)  [1:03:00]
- [GTAC 2014: Move Fast & Don't Break Things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_JviA5nvS0)  [1:04:37]
- [The Power Of Abstraction - Barbara Liskov](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/liskov-power-of-abstraction)  [1:18:34]

## Domain Driven Design

- [Is Domain-Driven Design more than Entities and Repositories? - Jimmy Nilsson](https://vimeo.com/12665573) [41:52]
- [Øredev 2011 - Domain-Driven Design and Agile - Tomas Karlsson](https://vimeo.com/37602490)  [45:36]
- [The Power of Value - Power Use of Value Objects in Domain Driven Design - Dan Bergh Johnsson](The Power of Value - Power Use of Value Objects in Domain Driven Design - Dan Bergh Johnsson)  [51:44]
- [Use of Domain Driven Design in Enterprise Application Development - Einar Landre](https://vimeo.com/12971233)  [52:42]
- [Strategic Design - Eric Evans](https://vimeo.com/12674642)  [58:12]
- [Exploring Domain Driven Design Implementation Patterns in .Net](https://vimeo.com/42270208)  [1:10:42]
- [Domain Driven Design - Eric Evans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MaYeudL9yo)  [1:14:37]
- [Real Experiences and Architectural Domain-Driven Design Patterns Applied on Microsoft .NET Developme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQdRRltJk2g)  [1:16:26]
- [DDD Meetup - Effective Aggregate Design Part II](https://vimeo.com/33708293)  [1:22:59]

## Functional Programming and `F#`

- [Immutability Changes Everything - Pat Helland](https://vimeo.com/52831373)  [45:19]
- [Greg Young - Functional Data](https://vimeo.com/131636650)  [49:52]
- [Learning Functional Programming without Growing a Neckbeard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvL6QAxRK4)  [1:04:42]

## .NET and `C#`

- [Deep Dive ASP.NET5](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/DXPortugal/Microsoft-WebCamp-2015/ASP05?WT.mc_id=DX_MVP4025064) [54:12]
- [Mark Rendle - Hidden Complexity: Inside Simple.Data and Simple.Web](https://vimeo.com/52670823) [58:12]
- [Jon Skeet: Abusing C#](https://vimeo.com/68320506)  [1:00:33]
- [Decoupling from ASP.NET - Hexagonal Architectures in .NET by Ian Cooper](https://vimeo.com/113621145)  [1:01:07]

## Python

- [Pragmatic Unicode](http://nedbatchelder.com/text/unipain.html)  [36:20]

## Microservices, SOA, CQRS and Web API

- [There and back again, a Microservices tale](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/6254-there-and-back-again-a-microservices-tale)  []
- [SECURING MICROSERVICES](https://vimeo.com/144796652)  [39:51]
- [Challenges in Implementing MicroServices - Fred George](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fy_xidc11w)  [50:12]
- [Consuming REST APIs, for all interpretations of REST | Darrel Miller at DDD Melbourne 2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KWgwc-MFhE)  [51:01]
- [Securing Web APIs – Patterns & Anti-Patterns - Dominick Baier](https://vimeo.com/131635255)  [52:53]
- [THE BEATING HEART OF CQRS](https://vimeo.com/144747595)  [55:08]
- [Brock Allen - OWIN and Katana: What the Func?](https://vimeo.com/97329189)  [55:46]
- [Dominick Baier - Web API Authorization & Access Control – done right!](https://vimeo.com/97337305)  [57:26]
- [Anders Ljusberg: CQRS Hypermedia with WebAPI](https://vimeo.com/68320468)  [58:47]
- [Microservices, cutting through the Gordian Knot - Ian Cooper](https://vimeo.com/132194544)  [1:03:28]
- [Greg Young - CQRS and Event Sourcing - Code on the Beach 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHGkaShoyNs)  [1:03:47]
- [The rest of ReST - Dylan Beattie](https://vimeo.com/131641615)  [1:04:19]
- [Tom Akehurst - Surviving SOA: Delivering (somewhat) continuously on a hostile planet](https://vimeo.com/119542461)  [1:07:25]
- [Stefan Tilkov: Nano, Micro, Mini, oh my: Modularization for sustainable systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYiLzji7MuY)  [1:15:42]
- [YOW! Nights October 2015 Udi Dahan - Microservices, SOA, DDD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTArpO7rSQE)  [1:23:08]

## Testing, TDD and BDD

- [SMARTER TESTING THROUGH SMARTER TESTERS](https://vimeo.com/144830621)  [34:57]
- [GeeCON TDD 2015: Konstantin Kudryashov - Moving away from Legacy code with BDD](https://vimeo.com/120574455)  [36:20]
- [TEST AUTOMATION TRENDS FOR 2016 AND BEYOND: STAYING EMPLOYABLE IN CHANGING TIMES](https://vimeo.com/144992718)  [36:42]
- [AUTOMATION ABSTRACTIONS - PAGE OBJECTS AND BEYOND](https://vimeo.com/111214646)  [38:58]
- [GTAC 2014: I Don't Test Often ... But When I Do, I Test in Production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkP70Zhhix4&list=PLSIUOFhnxEiDFckNDSjKWqOCtd8ksJrh4&index=8)  [41:16]
- [REAL CONVERSATIONS IN BDD](https://vimeo.com/144723689)  [42:04]
- [Unselfish Testing - Jay Fields](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9eu4mMOtN4)  [42:43]
- [GeeCON TDD 2015: Jakub Narbdalik - Test Driven Traps](https://vimeo.com/120572733)  [43:41]
- [TEST LEADERSHIP HEURISTICS WORKSHOP](https://vimeo.com/144996354)  [45:25]
- [How to do test reviews - Roy Osherove](https://vimeo.com/19431001)  [49:09]
- [Test Driven Development (by controlling dependencies) - Jorge D Ortiz Fuentes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYpURmZcCKs)  [54:10]
- [RE-INVENTING TESTING – A DISCUSSION ABOUT SCIENCE, EXPLORATION AND INNOVATION](https://vimeo.com/144745751)  [55:08]
- [GeeCON 2013: - Sandro Mancuso: Testing and Refactoring Legacy Code](https://vimeo.com/76472757)  [57:13]
- [Accelerate your development by accelerating your feedback loop - Johannes Brodwall](https://vimeo.com/105888938)  [1:03:21]

## Devops

- [Alex Yates - Continuous Delivery for Databases (the elephant in the room)](https://vimeo.com/129090957)   [39:21]
- [CONTINUOUS DELIVERY IN A .NET WORLD](https://vimeo.com/111289719)  [41:58]
- [Why monitoring sucks, and how to improve it - Pavlo Baron](https://vimeo.com/131643292)  [47:10]
- [GeeCON 2014: Thomas Riha - Scaling Continuous Delivery](https://vimeo.com/100331338)  [54:19]
- [Running Docker and Containers in Development and Production - Ben Hall](https://vimeo.com/131639823)  [56:27]
- [Release Engineering as a Force Multiplier](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j0NDGJVROI)  [1:00:49]
- [Richard Campbell - People, Process, Tools – The Essence of DevOps](https://vimeo.com/97337256)  [1:02:41]

## Data Science

- [Making Big Data Useful Data - Anna Bongenhielm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUysIXUeL-M)  [38:11]
- [SPLUNK, A SMORGASBORD FOR DEVELOPING BIG DATA SOLUTIONS](https://vimeo.com/111111119)  [43:05]
- [MACHINE LEARNING SMACKDOWN](https://vimeo.com/111040772)  [44:16]
- [ANALYSING GITHUB COMMITS WITH R AND AZURE](https://vimeo.com/144780956)  [47:01]
- [Introduction to NoSQL by Martin Fowler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI_g07C_Q5I)  [54:51]
- [Beer analysis using Kibana 4 and elasticsearch - Christoffer Vig](https://vimeo.com/132192253)  [56:57]
- [Introduction to Neural Networks, Vector Reduction and Natural Language Processing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ml5XQn-_SQ)  [1:07:29]
- [Realtime Data Analytics at Datadog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49YOOw0WDl8)  [1:09:06]

## Tools

- [The Motivation for a Monolithic Codebase Why Google Stores Billions of Lines of Code in  a single repository](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W71BTkUbdqE)  [30:49]
- [Tim Berglund - GitHub Power Tools](https://vimeo.com/97473703)  [59:02]
- [Paul Betts: Effective GitHubbing: The GitHub Flow](https://vimeo.com/68378254)  [1:03:36]

## Agile Practices

- [AGILE METRICS - VELOCITY IS NOT THE GOAL](https://vimeo.com/144733515)  [43:12]
- [Ian Brockbank - How do you “push responsibility down” and “empower the team”](https://vimeo.com/76096772)  [43:49]
- [SCALED AGILE @ SPOTIFY](https://vimeo.com/111131934)  [43:51]
- [Open Source & Feelings 2015 - Ensuring the Sustainability of Your Code Learning Community](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYM8AnreZHQ)  [46:00]
- [Anders Ivarsson - Scaling Agile with Tribes, Squads, Chapters & Guilds](https://vimeo.com/75917536)  [47:19]
- [Getting real value out of your planning efforts with Story Mapping - Jesper Boeg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4_PvSXZssc)  [51:23]
- [Steven Milne - Level up with Constraints](https://vimeo.com/76126272)  [51:29]
- [Gojko Adzic - Specification By Example](https://vimeo.com/109079233)  [52:05]
- [Chad Fowler - Experiment - Railsberry 2013](https://vimeo.com/68686636)  [52:13]
- [Retrospective on Steroids - Toyota Kata by Håkan Forss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-InKsQQY9Vk)  [52:20]
- [A3 Thinking and Kaizen - Claudio Perrone](https://vimeo.com/43185886)  [53:18]
- [Scott Bellware - Agile Kaizen](https://vimeo.com/97501372)  [57:01]
- [Don't demo facts. Demo stories! - Tudor Girba](https://vimeo.com/131632605)  [57:22]
- [Seb Rose - So long, and thanks for all the tests](https://vimeo.com/105861375)  [1:00:25]
- [Oliver Gierke - Whoops! Where did my architecture go?](https://vimeo.com/112516354)  [1:01:22]
- [Bob Marshall on Seven Ways to Improve Your Software Development Flow](https://vimeo.com/113216169)  [1:02:32]
- [Jenny Martin & Pete Buckney - Continuous Collaboration & Example Driven Dev](https://vimeo.com/111407675)  [1:18:58]
- [Holding Effective Kaizen Events](https://vimeo.com/104680961)  [1:26:09]

## Leadership, Psychology and Management

- [Seth Godin: Tribes](https://vimeo.com/2090774)  []
- [Regina Hartley - Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume](http://www.ted.com/talks/regina_hartley_why_the_best_hire_might_not_have_the_perfect_resume)  [10:31] 
- [Why you will fail to have a great career | Larry Smith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ)  [14:59]
- [Creating a Strong Geek Culture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nosGNOADpg)  [19:09]
- [Cate Huston - 12 Challenging Steps to Being a Better Interviewer](https://vimeo.com/139910837)  [21:52]
- [Flourish](https://vimeo.com/channels/thersa/26720639)  [24:48]
- [Oren Ellenbogen - Building happier engineering teams ](https://vimeo.com/139906437)  [28:22]
- [Amanda Quaranto - Nobody Expects an Inquisition!...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h1EocEyiSo)  [28:58]
- [Austin Fonacier - Hacking Development Culture: Treating Developers As People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5zll50fRJA)  [29:25]
- [Empathy-Driven Development](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZJBfMmOEjg)  [35:36]
- [The Leadership gap – Pawel Brodzinksi](https://vimeo.com/115962902)  [37:00]
- [Laura Eck - The Not So Rational Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-5VhMUYmVY)  [38:09]
- [More than the sum of our parts - Liz Keogh](https://vimeo.com/114215546)  [41:16]
- [Total Engagement and the Reinvention of Work using Games - J. Leighton Read, MD](https://vimeo.com/43250464)  [43:54]
- [Crazy and Focused - Daniel Steinberg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1rGUchWHR8)  [45:49]
- [Ben Orenstein - How to Talk to Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9JXH7JPjR4)  [47:37]
- [Jeff Casimir - Why Developers Quit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgEgtKKAabg)  [48:50]
- [Dan Allen - 7 Ways to Hack Your Brain to Write Fluently](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6RXRi5pBXg)  [49:15]
- [On Awesomeness, or How To Inspire Some Awe](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M113)  [50:01]
- [Public Speaking Skills for Quiet People](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M316)  [51:43]
- [Alicia Juarero - Keynote : Think Safe-fail to thrive under conditions of uncertainty](https://vimeo.com/143055623)  [52:39]
- [Geoffrey Grosenbach - Technical Explanations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpnLCkhv-1g)  [56:54]
- [Roy Osherove - Notes to a Team Leader](https://vimeo.com/95208784)  [57:03]
- [Get Unblocked - Denise Jacobs](https://vimeo.com/131640717)  [1:02:37]
- [Engagement techniques. How to get people engaged and motivated? - Anna Danes](https://vimeo.com/131641617)  [1:03:16]
- [Roy Osherove - The Software Team Leader Manifesto](https://vimeo.com/43612918)  [1:13:20]

Commit message:

Added career skills section, rejigged content

README.md, after:

# Talks To Watch

## General Development

- [Advanced performance tooling in Chrome DevTools - Paul Irish @ Velocity 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xx_dkv9DEY)  [29:40]
- [Removing barriers - Hadi Hariri](https://vimeo.com/131644347)  [43:53]
- [IT'S ABOUT TIME!](https://vimeo.com/144819382)  [44:47]
- [Greg Young - 8 Lines of Code](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/8-lines-code-refactoring)  [45:20]
- [Miguel Castro: Understanding Dependency Injection and Those Pesky Containers](https://vimeo.com/68390510)  [1:00:33]
- [The Joys and Pains of a Long Lived Codebase by Jeremy D Miller](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Lessons-Learned-Jeremy-Miller)  [1:02:30]
- [Venkat Subramaniam - The Art of Simplicity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZPgO5USBoI)  [1:22:32]

## Design Principles

- [Josh Bloch - How to Design a Good API and Why it Matters](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heh4OeB9A-c)  [1:00:14]
- [Rich Hickey - Simple Made Easy](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy)  [1:01:26]
- [Business Logic, a different perspective - Udi Dahan](https://vimeo.com/131757759)  [1:03:00]
- [GTAC 2014: Move Fast & Don't Break Things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_JviA5nvS0)  [1:04:37]
- [The Power Of Abstraction - Barbara Liskov](http://www.infoq.com/presentations/liskov-power-of-abstraction)  [1:18:34]

## Domain Driven Design

- [Is Domain-Driven Design more than Entities and Repositories? - Jimmy Nilsson](https://vimeo.com/12665573) [41:52]
- [Øredev 2011 - Domain-Driven Design and Agile - Tomas Karlsson](https://vimeo.com/37602490)  [45:36]
- [The Power of Value - Power Use of Value Objects in Domain Driven Design - Dan Bergh Johnsson](The Power of Value - Power Use of Value Objects in Domain Driven Design - Dan Bergh Johnsson)  [51:44]
- [Use of Domain Driven Design in Enterprise Application Development - Einar Landre](https://vimeo.com/12971233)  [52:42]
- [Strategic Design - Eric Evans](https://vimeo.com/12674642)  [58:12]
- [Exploring Domain Driven Design Implementation Patterns in .Net](https://vimeo.com/42270208)  [1:10:42]
- [Domain Driven Design - Eric Evans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MaYeudL9yo)  [1:14:37]
- [Real Experiences and Architectural Domain-Driven Design Patterns Applied on Microsoft .NET Developme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQdRRltJk2g)  [1:16:26]
- [DDD Meetup - Effective Aggregate Design Part II](https://vimeo.com/33708293)  [1:22:59]

## Functional Programming and `F#`

- [Immutability Changes Everything - Pat Helland](https://vimeo.com/52831373)  [45:19]
- [Greg Young - Functional Data](https://vimeo.com/131636650)  [49:52]
- [Learning Functional Programming without Growing a Neckbeard](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvL6QAxRK4)  [1:04:42]

## .NET and `C#`

- [Deep Dive ASP.NET5](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/DXPortugal/Microsoft-WebCamp-2015/ASP05?WT.mc_id=DX_MVP4025064) [54:12]
- [Mark Rendle - Hidden Complexity: Inside Simple.Data and Simple.Web](https://vimeo.com/52670823) [58:12]
- [Jon Skeet: Abusing C#](https://vimeo.com/68320506)  [1:00:33]
- [Decoupling from ASP.NET - Hexagonal Architectures in .NET by Ian Cooper](https://vimeo.com/113621145)  [1:01:07]

## Python

- [Pragmatic Unicode](http://nedbatchelder.com/text/unipain.html)  [36:20]

## Microservices, SOA, CQRS and Web API

- [There and back again, a Microservices tale](https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/6254-there-and-back-again-a-microservices-tale)  []
- [SECURING MICROSERVICES](https://vimeo.com/144796652)  [39:51]
- [Challenges in Implementing MicroServices - Fred George](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fy_xidc11w)  [50:12]
- [Consuming REST APIs, for all interpretations of REST | Darrel Miller at DDD Melbourne 2015](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KWgwc-MFhE)  [51:01]
- [Securing Web APIs – Patterns & Anti-Patterns - Dominick Baier](https://vimeo.com/131635255)  [52:53]
- [THE BEATING HEART OF CQRS](https://vimeo.com/144747595)  [55:08]
- [Brock Allen - OWIN and Katana: What the Func?](https://vimeo.com/97329189)  [55:46]
- [Dominick Baier - Web API Authorization & Access Control – done right!](https://vimeo.com/97337305)  [57:26]
- [Anders Ljusberg: CQRS Hypermedia with WebAPI](https://vimeo.com/68320468)  [58:47]
- [Microservices, cutting through the Gordian Knot - Ian Cooper](https://vimeo.com/132194544)  [1:03:28]
- [Greg Young - CQRS and Event Sourcing - Code on the Beach 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHGkaShoyNs)  [1:03:47]
- [The rest of ReST - Dylan Beattie](https://vimeo.com/131641615)  [1:04:19]
- [Tom Akehurst - Surviving SOA: Delivering (somewhat) continuously on a hostile planet](https://vimeo.com/119542461)  [1:07:25]
- [Stefan Tilkov: Nano, Micro, Mini, oh my: Modularization for sustainable systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYiLzji7MuY)  [1:15:42]
- [YOW! Nights October 2015 Udi Dahan - Microservices, SOA, DDD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTArpO7rSQE)  [1:23:08]

## Testing, TDD and BDD

- [SMARTER TESTING THROUGH SMARTER TESTERS](https://vimeo.com/144830621)  [34:57]
- [GeeCON TDD 2015: Konstantin Kudryashov - Moving away from Legacy code with BDD](https://vimeo.com/120574455)  [36:20]
- [TEST AUTOMATION TRENDS FOR 2016 AND BEYOND: STAYING EMPLOYABLE IN CHANGING TIMES](https://vimeo.com/144992718)  [36:42]
- [AUTOMATION ABSTRACTIONS - PAGE OBJECTS AND BEYOND](https://vimeo.com/111214646)  [38:58]
- [GTAC 2014: I Don't Test Often ... But When I Do, I Test in Production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkP70Zhhix4&list=PLSIUOFhnxEiDFckNDSjKWqOCtd8ksJrh4&index=8)  [41:16]
- [REAL CONVERSATIONS IN BDD](https://vimeo.com/144723689)  [42:04]
- [Unselfish Testing - Jay Fields](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9eu4mMOtN4)  [42:43]
- [GeeCON TDD 2015: Jakub Narbdalik - Test Driven Traps](https://vimeo.com/120572733)  [43:41]
- [TEST LEADERSHIP HEURISTICS WORKSHOP](https://vimeo.com/144996354)  [45:25]
- [How to do test reviews - Roy Osherove](https://vimeo.com/19431001)  [49:09]
- [Test Driven Development (by controlling dependencies) - Jorge D Ortiz Fuentes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYpURmZcCKs)  [54:10]
- [RE-INVENTING TESTING – A DISCUSSION ABOUT SCIENCE, EXPLORATION AND INNOVATION](https://vimeo.com/144745751)  [55:08]
- [GeeCON 2013: - Sandro Mancuso: Testing and Refactoring Legacy Code](https://vimeo.com/76472757)  [57:13]
- [Accelerate your development by accelerating your feedback loop - Johannes Brodwall](https://vimeo.com/105888938)  [1:03:21]

## Devops

- [Alex Yates - Continuous Delivery for Databases (the elephant in the room)](https://vimeo.com/129090957)   [39:21]
- [CONTINUOUS DELIVERY IN A .NET WORLD](https://vimeo.com/111289719)  [41:58]
- [Why monitoring sucks, and how to improve it - Pavlo Baron](https://vimeo.com/131643292)  [47:10]
- [GeeCON 2014: Thomas Riha - Scaling Continuous Delivery](https://vimeo.com/100331338)  [54:19]
- [Running Docker and Containers in Development and Production - Ben Hall](https://vimeo.com/131639823)  [56:27]
- [Release Engineering as a Force Multiplier](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j0NDGJVROI)  [1:00:49]
- [Richard Campbell - People, Process, Tools – The Essence of DevOps](https://vimeo.com/97337256)  [1:02:41]

## Data Science

- [Making Big Data Useful Data - Anna Bongenhielm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUysIXUeL-M)  [38:11]
- [SPLUNK, A SMORGASBORD FOR DEVELOPING BIG DATA SOLUTIONS](https://vimeo.com/111111119)  [43:05]
- [MACHINE LEARNING SMACKDOWN](https://vimeo.com/111040772)  [44:16]
- [ANALYSING GITHUB COMMITS WITH R AND AZURE](https://vimeo.com/144780956)  [47:01]
- [Introduction to NoSQL by Martin Fowler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI_g07C_Q5I)  [54:51]
- [Beer analysis using Kibana 4 and elasticsearch - Christoffer Vig](https://vimeo.com/132192253)  [56:57]
- [Introduction to Neural Networks, Vector Reduction and Natural Language Processing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ml5XQn-_SQ)  [1:07:29]
- [Realtime Data Analytics at Datadog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49YOOw0WDl8)  [1:09:06]

## Tools

- [The Motivation for a Monolithic Codebase Why Google Stores Billions of Lines of Code in  a single repository](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W71BTkUbdqE)  [30:49]
- [Tim Berglund - GitHub Power Tools](https://vimeo.com/97473703)  [59:02]
- [Paul Betts: Effective GitHubbing: The GitHub Flow](https://vimeo.com/68378254)  [1:03:36]

## Agile Practices

- [More than the sum of our parts - Liz Keogh](https://vimeo.com/114215546)  [41:16]
- [AGILE METRICS - VELOCITY IS NOT THE GOAL](https://vimeo.com/144733515)  [43:12]
- [Ian Brockbank - How do you “push responsibility down” and “empower the team”](https://vimeo.com/76096772)  [43:49]
- [SCALED AGILE @ SPOTIFY](https://vimeo.com/111131934)  [43:51]
- [Open Source & Feelings 2015 - Ensuring the Sustainability of Your Code Learning Community](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYM8AnreZHQ)  [46:00]
- [Anders Ivarsson - Scaling Agile with Tribes, Squads, Chapters & Guilds](https://vimeo.com/75917536)  [47:19]
- [Getting real value out of your planning efforts with Story Mapping - Jesper Boeg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4_PvSXZssc)  [51:23]
- [Steven Milne - Level up with Constraints](https://vimeo.com/76126272)  [51:29]
- [Gojko Adzic - Specification By Example](https://vimeo.com/109079233)  [52:05]
- [Chad Fowler - Experiment - Railsberry 2013](https://vimeo.com/68686636)  [52:13]
- [Retrospective on Steroids - Toyota Kata by Håkan Forss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-InKsQQY9Vk)  [52:20]
- [A3 Thinking and Kaizen - Claudio Perrone](https://vimeo.com/43185886)  [53:18]
- [Scott Bellware - Agile Kaizen](https://vimeo.com/97501372)  [57:01]
- [Don't demo facts. Demo stories! - Tudor Girba](https://vimeo.com/131632605)  [57:22]
- [Seb Rose - So long, and thanks for all the tests](https://vimeo.com/105861375)  [1:00:25]
- [Oliver Gierke - Whoops! Where did my architecture go?](https://vimeo.com/112516354)  [1:01:22]
- [Bob Marshall on Seven Ways to Improve Your Software Development Flow](https://vimeo.com/113216169)  [1:02:32]
- [Jenny Martin & Pete Buckney - Continuous Collaboration & Example Driven Dev](https://vimeo.com/111407675)  [1:18:58]
- [Holding Effective Kaizen Events](https://vimeo.com/104680961)  [1:26:09]

## Dev Career Skills
- [Regina Hartley - Why the best hire might not have the perfect resume](http://www.ted.com/talks/regina_hartley_why_the_best_hire_might_not_have_the_perfect_resume)  [10:31]
- [Creating a Strong Geek Culture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nosGNOADpg)  [19:09]
- [Cate Huston - 12 Challenging Steps to Being a Better Interviewer](https://vimeo.com/139910837)  [21:52]
- [Oren Ellenbogen - Building happier engineering teams ](https://vimeo.com/139906437)  [28:22]
- [Amanda Quaranto - Nobody Expects an Inquisition!...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h1EocEyiSo)  [28:58]
- [Austin Fonacier - Hacking Development Culture: Treating Developers As People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5zll50fRJA)  [29:25]
- [How to Create Good Documentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw9R2qMCdqk)  [34:31]
- [Empathy-Driven Development](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZJBfMmOEjg)  [35:36]
- [Laura Eck - The Not So Rational Programmer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-5VhMUYmVY)  [38:09]
- [Ben Orenstein - How to Talk to Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9JXH7JPjR4)  [47:37]
- [Jeff Casimir - Why Developers Quit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgEgtKKAabg)  [48:50]
- [Dan Allen - 7 Ways to Hack Your Brain to Write Fluently](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6RXRi5pBXg)  [49:15]
- [Public Speaking Skills for Quiet People](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M316)  [51:43]
- [Geoffrey Grosenbach - Technical Explanations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpnLCkhv-1g)  [56:54]
- [Roy Osherove - Notes to a Team Leader](https://vimeo.com/95208784)  [57:03]
- [Jurgen Appelo - The 7 Duties of Great Software Professionals](https://vimeo.com/99516367)  [1:02:27]
- [Roy Osherove - The Software Team Leader Manifesto](https://vimeo.com/43612918)  [1:13:20]

## Leadership, Psychology and Management

- [Seth Godin: Tribes](https://vimeo.com/2090774)  []
- [Why you will fail to have a great career | Larry Smith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ)  [14:59]
- [Flourish](https://vimeo.com/channels/thersa/26720639)  [24:48]
- [The Leadership gap – Pawel Brodzinksi](https://vimeo.com/115962902)  [37:00]
- [Total Engagement and the Reinvention of Work using Games - J. Leighton Read, MD](https://vimeo.com/43250464)  [43:54]
- [Crazy and Focused - Daniel Steinberg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1rGUchWHR8)  [45:49]
- [On Awesomeness, or How To Inspire Some Awe](https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Ignite/Microsoft-Ignite-New-Zealand-2015/M113)  [50:01]
- [Alicia Juarero - Keynote : Think Safe-fail to thrive under conditions of uncertainty](https://vimeo.com/143055623)  [52:39]
- [Get Unblocked - Denise Jacobs](https://vimeo.com/131640717)  [1:02:37]
- [Engagement techniques. How to get people engaged and motivated? - Anna Danes](https://vimeo.com/131641617)  [1:03:16]
